we're a very low pressure type of a
sales process here what we find is we
deal with a variety of different
customers some people like their sales
person to be very attentive and and
offer them assistance right away a lot
of our customers I would say the
majority of our customers like to come
in and look around a little bit on their
own first they like to get acquainted
with our store we've got a very
comfortable showroom if it's if the
weather's poor people like to hang out
and spend some time in our showroom with
the big indoor showroom it gives us an
opportunity for our clients to relax
they have time to settle down and spend
some time with us and really go through
the unit and understand it give us an
opportunity to understand what their
needs are so that we were getting them
into the right unit with the weather in
northern Alberta it isn't always
pleasant to spend two or three hours out
on the lot but with the showroom it
gives us lots of time to let people
relax and make them make the right
buying decision right now we have five
sales people plus myself and our sales
team has a variety of different
backgrounds a lot of experience in the
automotive industry which really helps
as far as tow vehicles and and towing
capacities and getting the right fit for
for the RV's some of our sales people
have come from more of a technical
background a technical RV background and
that's kind of my background is is from
the service and some of our other
salespeople have had similar starts
I don't like the necessary think as a
sales organization foremost we were here
to get the person into the right RV and
and that's really critical and
everyone's a little different you know
some people want attention right away
and others prefer a little bit of time
to kind of get used to the dealership we
have a coffee bar and a lot of things to
help just relax and you know sort of get
a feel for what we're about so we're not
here to pounce on people it's you know
we're here to help and find the right RV
you